Hi, guys.
Walker.
Not when users are trying to create an account.
Definitely they're going to be hero.
Right.
But other now the user is not going to know where the hero is coming from.
Like what they are not doing.
Right.
Okay.
So what you're going to do in this lecture is you're going to create a snack bar that is going to pop
out that area, sort of like, hey, your email is badly formatted or your password is too short.
Okay, so that's what you're going to do in this lecture.
Okay.
Now we can create this.
We can create a new fight for this because they're going to be using the snack bar a lot.
All we can.
You can just do it here.
We're still going to use it.
Even if we do it here.
Okay.
Probably in the future, you're going to have a more clean up code.
So for now.
We are just going to do it outside the class so we don't have to call the hot country like when we want
to use it.
Okay.
Great.
So now what you're going to do, you're going to create a functional call to show snack or the can still
show snack bar.
Okay.
Then.
This is going to take the boot.
The U.S. Capitol bill.
Contest.
So it's going to take in the contest.
Then it is a type of beauty contest as well.
It's going to take in the content.
Content, right.
And it's going to be a type of this is a test.
So is the type of.
String.
Okay.
Audio train the coma.
Good.
Now the next time you're going to do it, not to pop out message.
I believe you're not as captured.
It's comfort.
Scott Ford message or thought of contest, then you're going to say dots.
Snack.
Sure.
Sorry, that's just snack bar.
Okay.
There's going to be snack.
But I again, okay.
Now is asking for the content.
For the content.
This is going to be a test.
Right.
They are going to pass in the context because in the future.
Because you cannot make these dynamics.
We can pass in different, different tests.
Okay, great.
So this is basically it.
Now you're going to use this.
Function.
Okay, not to use this.
We're going to go to our.
We're going to go to our sign up.
Okay.
Now we're going to we needing to use the final statement.
So what you're going to do?
I'm going to create a new function in order to be able to have access to the if I'm else over this widget,
we can't use it on house statements.
So what we're going to do or what we are going to do is you're going to call this off.
From here.
Music, the everything.
Right.
So everything would say, okay, copy.
Then did it.
Okay, now, for now we're just going to do this like this.
So what we can do.
Over here, we can create a function whereby the reason for this is able to use the funhouse.
Okay.
So we can call this a sign.
Sign of user.
Okay.
As well is going to be sync because easy awaits.
So now we can.
Is this okay?
Okay, great.
Now I just want this control and this.
That's a very good format.
You can easily just type this yourself.
In case you probably did not copy it.
Where this is just odd allow that is a class we created.
Then the dogs in the function which is called sign up users.
They just had to pass in others.
That is a full name because you are going to get the value of the full name, the value of the user
name and all this.
Okay, great.
Now we can store this in every record.
Whereas.
And this is going to be it tests isn't the a type of string.
Okay.
Now the reason for this is so are able to use it is an error statement, right?
So what we can do now, we can say you.
If West is not equal to.
This is if it is not the, quote, resources available, they will pass in.
We said.
Rest is.
I think there is a first.
We said okay.
We said race is equal to success.
That is, if it has successfully created the user.
Right.
Okay.
Who said is going to print this?
We just simply said race or sources.
So if it is equal to size, if it is equal to sources, it means we have successfully created.
That's user words over here.
We are saying if it is not equal to success, okay, if it is not equal to success, then we want to
return that function which we created, which is called your snack.
I cannot ask you for the content.
That's the test.
They've always did it like this, so we are able to pass it dynamically.
Now for the test we can.
It is an exhaustive search and we're also going to use the rest.
So to give us the sources of some of the sources, because the condition is, if it is not equal to
say if it is not equal to sources, it means there is an issue.
So it's going to return the.
Riss.
Okay.
That is the hero.
Now we're going to have.
Okay.
Now we can also use.
Else we can see else if it is equal to success.
Right.
Then as well, we want to do it on.
Their show.
Snap.
Therefore, the contents of your second.
Call Con.
Congratulations.
Accounts.
As being created for you.
Okay.
Great.
Now I'm going to use contributions to save.
Okay.
Good.
Now, I'm just going to have to start.
I think we are having an issue this over.
That is why we can't see it as well.
So I think we need to hide the semicolon.
Okay.
SC Then you're going to give this a whole three starts.
So orders on the orders on sale twice actually be saved.
Okay.
Okay, okay, okay.
Otherwise, I see.
Now he's going to take us back to the login page.
Okay.
Now you're going to go back to the single page.
I will try to click on the register.
Okay.
I think something is wrong is not.
It's hard to say.
Okay.
Let's go to check.
We are not using the function.
Oh, that is a very big issue, mate.
That is the issue.
We are not using the function.
So we're going to get rid of this.
We're going to call the function sign off.
You can see how how it a lot of time trying to it.
You're going to get rid of that.
We don't actually need it.
Okay.
Now this register.
Okay, great.
You can see the email address is badly formatted.
Now we can just all three stages.
You can see how that took a lot of time.
Sometimes you'd want to create it first before you want to create the function for us.
That is, give it a name before creates.
And that's actually one of the functions.
Okay, we're going to go to this.
Okay.
Click on this is going to say please enter.
All these fields must not be empty.
Okay.
I think this video is getting so long.
I'm just going to stop here and in this picture, we're going to use some more explanation.